demoDj/README.md, before:

# Keycloak demo example

## Overview

This project demonstrates Keycloak integration with Docker, Python, PostgreSQL, and Django REST Framework. It explores using VSCode AI agents for development and refactoring.

## How to run
- TBD

## Project Status

### Completed
- Setup keycloak in docker
- Create first users / clients with Admin CLI REST API


### In Progress
- Write Python library to use ADMIN API

- Write Django REST sceleton, using REST API, as container
- Setup PostgreSQL as separate container
- Integrate PostgreSQL database with Django ?
- Integrate  Django REST container to use with Keycloak
- Add robot tests to demonstrate functionality
- Add pytests to demonstrate functionality


### Planned
- Focus on VSCode AI agents usage and refactoring
- AWS: setup users with different permissions
- k3s: setup in aelz environment
- k3s: deployment, service configuration
- Add auth policy .f.i RBAC, see Ch 1  of "authorization services"
- Logging manipulation , seems in standalone.xml set extra logger

Commit message:

django-demo: create item with anonymous user
- add views, model,serializer
- add migration scripts
- fix missed libraires in requirement.txt
- POST / GET with anonymous user
- User mangement to  be done later

Signed-off-by: Alexander Elizarov <al.elizarov@gmail.com>

demoDj/README.md, after:

# Django demo example

## Overview

This project demonstrates Django REST Framework setup with Docker, Python, PostgreSQL. It explores
using VSCode AI agents for development and refactoring.

## How to run
- See django-docker-guide.md 

## Project Status

### Completed
- Setup keycloak in docker
- Create first users / clients with Admin CLI REST API
- Write Django REST sceleton, using REST API, as container
- Setup PostgreSQL as separate container
- Create DB user for web-1 demo


### In Progress
- Write Python library to use  keycloak ADMIN API
- Add postgres custom setup, f.i own postgres.conf 
- Integrate  Django REST container to use with Keycloak
- Add robot tests to demonstrate functionality
- Add pytests to demonstrate functionality


### Planned
- Focus on VSCode AI agents usage and refactoring
- k3s: setup in aelz environment
- k3s: deployment, service configuration
- Add auth policy .f.i RBAC, see Ch 1  of "authorization services"
- Logging manipulation , seems in standalone.xml set extra logger
